I would love for you to give me
your honest opinion about our
new headphones
would you like to try them out
bring it let's go try this one
on throw him on check it out
picking up
ok
it's so clear
excellent i'll be jamming on the
subject like a nice at first our
volunteers are picking up
nothing but good vibrations
love this song well fall
well well and when you 20 you go
ball ball ball ball
yeah I can't do it what they
don't realize is we are
controlling what they hear from
behind the set
what do you think will happen if
we mix in some unsavory sounds
offering up a selection of
noises ranging from the merely
obnoxious to get me the heck out
of here
yeah
the nails that were coming down
that was really weird because it
was like the back of my mouth
the t swear like now it's like a
balloon
today you love that one is the
Spice Girls appears to my soul
the styrofoam start to my back
and it works its way up like
this and then it comes up here
then it's on my head
I hate it yeah yeah I don't like
that so it sounds like something
nice for one up when I heard the
barf
I felt it in my body like right
here in my stomach that may be
nice
so what's going on here why do
we have such a physical reaction
to nothing more than unpleasant
noise
how does your brain sends sound
and why does it respond so
physically to some sounds but
not to others measured in
something called hurts
sound waves move through the air
as vibrations
the higher the frequency the
more powerful the vibrations the
highly sensitive systems of your
inner ear received these sound
waves and sent information about
them to your brain
remarkably many sounds trigger
your amygdala the part of your
brain that controls the
fight-or-flight response
suggesting our brains have
actually evolved to associate
sounds of a certain frequency
with danger or distress
these sounds aren't language but
they do communicate they are
meant to trigger an immediate
biological response
so those shivers you feel
probably tied to our ancient
survival instinct